US Etiquette
Tipping: Restaurant and bar menus indicate prices without sales taxes (which varies by city/county) and tips (15 to 20%), so everything you will order on the menu will end up costing about 21% to 26% more. The sales tax will always be included on the 'check' (bill); the tip is rarely included unless you are dining with a group of 6 or more people -- in this case, many establishments automatically add a tip or 'service charge' or 'gratuity' of between 15% and 20%.
Alcohol Laws. American alcohol laws are a patchwork of rules that vary by state, county, and towns. In some places (primarily in the South), entire counties or towns may prohibit alcohol. In all states, however, the drinking age is set at 21 for both sexes and is fairly well enforced with ID checks by the alcohol seller. Furthermore, it is illegal in most states to provide a minor with alcohol even in the company of his parents.  Drinking in public is usually a civil offense in most communities, though many towns and beaches permit alcohol consumption in public.
Illicit drugs  Drugs have similar risks to alcohol  but can have significantly more severe consequences: the more addictive or hallucinogenic, generally, the worse the consequences shall be.
----
Rome Etiquette
Tipping: In Italy service, which usually ranges from 1 to 3 euros depending on the restaurant, is automatically added to the check and must be visible on the menu.Tipping cab drivers is unusual, but appreciated -- especially if they help you with your luggage and provide you with useful info about getting around in that particular place. Tipping hotel porters is appreciated. Same for the hotel concierge if he/she is helpful in making your stay easier or more pleasant. Also remember to take your receipt, even if paying cash. It is the law as you must be able to prove that you paid and the owner rang it in for tax purposes. Plain clothes police may stop you after you leave and there could be a fine to pay if no receipt can be shown.
----
China Etiquette
Generally, no one tips anyone in China, with one large exception. Group tour guides catering to foreigners frequently depend on tip income. The dichotomy is that the Chinese natives will not tip anyone inside their own country, while foreign tour wholesalers (in any language, including Mandarin and Cantonese) bid so low for western business that they tell the guides and drivers to depend on tips for their income.
